# tonies-json

## Description
This repository (master branch) contains all YAML files used for the generation of the tonies.json / toniesV2.json.
The YAML files are mostly generated by scapers 

## Contributions

Please don't edit files within the source-yaml folder.
These files contain meta data, the scraper produces.

### Audio IDs (`ids`)
Please use teddyCloud to generate the id block for the YAML:
Navigate to the taf file in the library (or content if library is not enabled) and double click on the row.
A modal will be shown which contains the information.

DON'T change the values manually.
Even if the tracks count seems to be wrong, if you compare it to the track-desc.
```yaml
  - audio-id: 1492953874
    hash: f609fa65b01fb1eaaf320140eb3387b7faadea21
    size: 24626307
    tracks: 4
    confidence: 0
```
Always put the newest (highes audio-id) at the top.

### Tracks (`track-desc`)
Please set all tracki names into single quotes.
Even though it usually works fine without quotes, some characters can cause issues when generating the json files.

You MUST use single quotes if the track name contains a colon.
```yaml
  - 'Fröhliche Weihnachten euch allen!'
  - 'Song: Gli-Gla-Glitzerweiß'
```

## Confidence
The confidence values shows how many automatic confirmations we have in our database.
Usually for YAMLs containing an entry with >0 confidence no manually additions are needed.
(Manual entries are always 0).
In rare cases, we may have a wrong connection.
Also if a tonie contains alternative content, it may have an audio-id of an 20*.yaml.

# Release
The [release branch](https://github.com/toniebox-reverse-engineering/tonies-json/tree/release) contains the generated [tonies.json](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/toniebox-reverse-engineering/tonies-json/release/tonies.json) / [toniesV2.json](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/toniebox-reverse-engineering/tonies-json/release/toniesV2.json).

# Tools
## Webscraper (web_scrape.py)
This is the webscraper used to extract all the tonies.json information into the YAMLs. 

## Yaml 2 tonies.json (yaml2tonies-json.py)
This is the script that generates the tonies.json / toniesV2.json from the YAMLs. 

## Article yaml helpers (article_yaml_helpers.py)
Please do not edit this file, as this is used for other internal scripts, which are not part of this repository. If it is really needed, be precise why and keep it backwards compatible!
